Put `Agent-Version` property reading in premain stage to avoid deadlock when use `jarsigner`. (#437)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Support to customize the collect period of JVM relative metrics.
* Upgrade netty-codec-http2 to 4.1.86.Final.

> * Move `Agent-Version` property reading away from the class loading stage to avoid deadlock when use `jarsigner`.
> * Put `Agent-Version` property reading in premain stage to avoid deadlock when use `jarsigner`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Put `Agent-Version` property reading in the premain stage to avoid deadlock when using `jarsigner`.
```
